Last Updated: January 28, 2019
This AWS Glue Service Level Agreement (“SLA”) is a policy governing the use of AWS Glue (“AWS Glue”) and applies separately to each account using AWS Glue. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this SLA and the terms of the AWS Customer Agreement or other agreement with us governing your use of our Services (the “Agreement”), the terms and conditions of this SLA apply, but only to the extent of such conflict. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement.
Service Commitment
AWS will use commercially reasonable efforts to make AWS Glue available with a Monthly Uptime Percentage for each AWS region, during any monthly billing cycle, of at least 99.9% (the “Service Commitment”). In the event AWS Glue does not meet the Service Commitment, you will be eligible to receive a Service Credit as described below.
Service Credits
Service Credits are calculated as a percentage of the following charges paid by you for AWS Glue for the monthly billing cycle in which the Monthly Uptime Percentage for a given AWS region fell within the ranges set forth in the table below:
Monthly Uptime Percentage	Service Credit Percentage
Less than 99.9% but greater than or equal to 99%	10%
Less than 99%	25%
We will apply any Service Credits only against future AWS Glue payments otherwise due from you. At our discretion, we may issue the Service Credits to the credit card you used to pay for the billing cycle in which the unavailability occurred. Service Credits will not entitle you to any refund or other payment from AWS. Service Credits will be applicable and issued only if the credit amount for the applicable monthly billing cycle is greater than one dollar ($1 USD). Service Credits may not be transferred or applied to any other account. Unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, your sole and exclusive remedy for any unavailability or non-performance or other failure by us to provide AWS Glue is the receipt of Service Credits (if eligible) in accordance with the terms of this SLA.
Credit Request and Payment Procedures
To receive Service Credits, you will need to submit a claim by opening a case in the AWS Support Center. To be eligible, the credit request must be received by us by the end of the second billing cycle after which the incident occurred and must include:
(i) the words “SLA Credit Request” in the subject line;
(ii) the billing cycle and AWS regions with respect to which you are claiming Service Credits, together with the Monthly Uptime Percentage for that AWS region for the billing cycle and the specific dates, times, and Availabilities for each 5-minute interval with less than 100% Availability in that AWS region throughout the billing cycle;
(iii) your Request or Job Run logs that document the errors for your claimed outage (any confidential or sensitive information in these logs should be removed or replaced with asterisks).
If the Monthly Uptime Percentage of such credit request is confirmed by us and is less than the Service Commitment, then we will issue the Service Credits to you within one billing cycle following the month in which the credit request occurred. Your failure to provide the credit request and other information as required above will disqualify you from receiving Service Credits.
AWS Glue SLA Exclusions
The Service Commitment does not apply to any unavailability, suspension, or termination of AWS Glue, or any other AWS Glue performance issues: (i) caused by factors outside of our reasonable control, including any force majeure event or Internet access or related problems beyond the demarcation point of AWS Glue; (ii) that result from any voluntary actions or inactions from you or any third party; (iii) that result from you not following the best practices described in the AWS Glue User Guide on the AWS Site; (iv) that result from your equipment, software or other technology and/or third party equipment, software or other technology (other than third party equipment within our direct control); or (v) arising from our suspension or termination of your right to use AWS Glue in accordance with the Agreement (collectively, the “AWS Glue SLA Exclusions”). If availability is impacted by factors other than those explicitly used in our Monthly Uptime Percentage calculation, then we may issue a Service Credit considering such factors at our discretion. 
Definitions
•	“API Availability” is calculated for each 5-minute interval as the percentage of Requests processed by AWS Glue that do not fail with Errors. If you did not make any Requests in a given 5-minute interval, that interval is assumed to be 100% available.
•	An “Error” is any Request that returns a 500 (Internal Failure) or 503 (Service Unavailable) error code.
•	“ETL Availability” is calculated for each 5-minute interval as the percentage of Job Runs scheduled or run on-demand by invoking StartJobRun or StartTrigger API that do not result in a Failure. If you did not have any Job Runs scheduled or triggered in a given 5-minute interval, that interval is assumed to be 100% available.
•	A “Failure” is any Job Run that fails due to Resource Unavailable error.
•	A “Job Run” is the execution of a job, which is the business logic required to perform extract, transform, and load (ETL) work and which is composed of a transformation script, data sources, and data targets. Job Runs are initiated by triggers that can be scheduled or triggered by events.
•	“Monthly Uptime Percentage” for a given AWS region is calculated for a monthly billing cycle as the lower of (a) the average of the API Availability for all 5-minute intervals in the monthly billing cycle, or (b) the average of the ETL Availability for all 5-minute intervals in the monthly billing cycle. Monthly Uptime Percentage measurements exclude downtime resulting directly or indirectly from any AWS Glue SLA Exclusion.
•	“Request” is an invocation of any AWS Glue API.
•	A “Service Credit” is a dollar credit, calculated as set forth above, that we may credit back to an eligible account. 

